This repository stores TILS (Today I Learned Softly).

## About TILS
TILS (Today I Learned Softly) is a system for recording and organizing the soft skills learned daily. Originally, there was an initiative called TIL (Today I Learned) that organized hard skills such as commands, code snippets, and configuration values in Markdown. Please consider this as its soft skills version.

## About the structure of the repository
The directory structure is as follows:

- (project root)
    - daily/
        - 20251122.md
        - 20251123.md
        - ...
    - knowledge/
        - 20251122.md
        - 20251123.md
        - ...
    - agent/
        - taskmanager.md
        - peoplemanager.md
        - ...
    - insight.py
    - today.py

Under the daily/ directory, one file per day is saved, and you can write any daily memo. This includes work notes, memos about tasks and ideas, URLs to read later, brief diaries, etc.

The knowledge/ directory outputs the results generated by the **TILS Agent**. The input comes from the daily/ and knowledge/ directories, and insights corresponding to each day in the daily/ directory are output.

Under the agent/ directory, prompts for the TILS Agent are saved. One file represents one agent. For example, if you were to create an agent like a "Task Manager" that organizes remaining tasks and proposes the next tasks to undertake, you would create a file such as agent/taskmanager.md and write the appropriate prompt.

Additionally, there are several scripts at the root.

- today.py
    - Generates and opens today's memo. If it's already generated, it opens the existing memo.
- insight.py
    - Uses today's memo and the prompts from all TILS Agents as context to query a generation AI.
    - The answers are output to the knowledge/ directory.
